Name: Voytek Szymanski
Title: Founder
Background: Throughout his professional career, Voytek specialized in BMW electronics and their diagnosis and repair. He earned a Masters Degree in Electrical Engineering and accumulated over 30 years of experience in designing, diagnosing, and repairing electrical systems. Before establishing BME, he worked for numerous BMW dealerships in Europe and the United States specializing in troubleshooting electronic problems. He received extensive BMW factory training and earned ASE certificates as a Master Automobile Technician and Advanced Engine Performance Specialist.

Name: Rick McHattie
Title: Shop Manager
Background: Prior to joining BME nearly 20 years ago, Rick was a former service manager at German Car Service, an independent Mercedes shop in Hawaii. Prior to that, he was the service manager for BMW of Honolulu for four years and assistant service manager for TheoDavis Euromotors. Rick’s knowledge of BMW and Mercedes, as well as managing factory dealerships and independent shops, has given him a unique insight into the automotive business. Rick currently holds an ASE Master Technician certification.  

Name: Layden Paulino
Title: Service Manager
Background: Prior to joining BME, Layden was the general manager at Montgomery Powersports.  He has extensive experience in managing the various departments of a large dealership and providing the necessary leadership to grow and manage a respected brand in Hawaii.   Earlier in his career, he was also the service manager at American Tire Company and store manager at Cycle City.

Name: Leif O.
Title: Service Advisor
Background: Leif joined BME straight out of high school and has progressed from an apprentice to a valued member of the service team.  During the past 10 years with BME, he has learned all aspects of the business, from automotive repair to parts management to finally becoming a highly skilled service advisor.  His in-depth knowledge of the business and love for the automotive industry fuel his passion and commitment to excellence.

Name: Roland L.
Title: BMW & Mini Lead Technician
Background: Prior to joining BME, Roland was one of the lead BMW technicians at BMW of Honolulu for nearly 10 years.  He holds a BMW Master Tech Certification and is also ASE Master certified.  He has undergone extensive BMW factory training on most late model cars and has over 16 years of combined experience in the automotive field.  

Name: Will S.
Title: BMW & Mini Lead Technician
Background: Prior to joining BME, Will worked for BMW of Rockville, BMW of Silver Spring and Mini of Hawaii.  He has extensive dealer training and many years of experience working on late model cars.  He is also MACS certified in air conditioning service and repair.

Name: Matt E.
Title: Porsche Lead Technician
Background: Prior to joining BME in 2016, Matt worked for Euro Motorworks in Indianapolis, Indiana.  He was their lead Porsche technician for over 10 years and also served as a pit crew member and lead tech for their Porsche race team.  During this time, Matt acquired extensive experience working on high-end Porsche cars as well as Porsche racecars.  Matt also underwent a traditional European style apprenticeship for five years under the tutelage of the owner of Autohaus Merkle, who studied as a toolmaker and mechanic in Germany.  Matt graduated from Lincoln Tech Trade School and their “Top Gun” program with honors.  He is also Bosch factory trained and Bosch master certified and holds ASE Master certification.

Name: Jeff L.
Title: Mercedes Lead Technician
Background: Prior to joining BME in 2019, Jeff worked at German Car Service for over 19 years as their lead Mercedes technician.  He has extensive knowledge in all aspects of Mercedes repair including transmission and engine rebuilds, as well as fuel injection diagnosis and repair.  He holds numerous ASE certifications and graduated from the University of Hawaii Automotive Program with a Certified Mechanics license.